docs(README): new documentation url for "GitHub’s Webhooks Event Types & Payloads" link (#178)
octokit/webhooks: README.md

generated by [`bin/octokit-webhooks.js`](bin/octokit-webhooks.js). Run
`node bin/octokit-webhooks --usage` for instructions.

> The update script is scraping [GitHub’s Webhooks Event Types & Payloads](https://docs.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/) documentation page and extracts the meta information using [cheerio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cheerio).

Reviewer: https://docs.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/ does redirect, but I think we should use the current docs URL for event types

```suggestion
The update script is scraping [GitHub’s Webhooks Event Types & Payloads](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhook-events-and-payloads) documentation page and extracts the meta information using [cheerio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cheerio).
```
